💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
For some reason, the bot didn't send the message.

@Jazzy boi | Jazzy boi#6002 | 589439827083264012 
You have been muted. 

Reason: disrespecting/ignoring staff
Strike: 1
Duration: Indefinite

:warning: This channel may be used if:
:white_small_square: You want clarity on the situation. 
:white_small_square: You want a warning appeal. 
:white_small_square: You want to explain yourself. 

:no_entry: Do not:
:white_small_square: Spam this channel. 
:white_small_square: Ping Staff more than once. 
:white_small_square: Send off-topic messages/media. 
:white_small_square: Continue breaking server rules. 

We offer you this channel as a chance to tell us your side. We will keep an open mind for grey areas, but we will not change your consequence for clear rule-breaks. Staff may ping you here with questions if necessary. You need to stay respectful and patient with us and you will have to accept our final decision. 

If any of these guidelines are broken during the mute, further disciplinary actions will be taken. 

@💎 Council of Staffies

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
@Jazzy boi it's no use to try to insult me in dms, I am not gonna "accept that I'm the one being childish because idk reality". I did not mute you because I was annoyed that you ruined my joke. I muted you because:

1. You kept on ignoring me telling you that I am sick of being called names because it's your way of "joking".
2. This is not the first time you do not listen to me. This might be a "childish argument" to you, but the reason it is an argument is because you are not listening. If you did listen, it would have not escalated like that, but you kept the sassy act going.
3. Talking back to a moderator that is just doing their job as if you knew better is against our server's rules and proves that you were still not listening.

I am not muting you because I'm being "childish", but because you don't know when to listen and understand your wrongs. Your fun fact and did not get you muted, but your unwilligness to listen to staff did.
Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
I'll just say it like this, i tried to leave it 6 times now, you didn't. You might say i don't listen, but i did the same last time, tried to leave it, you kept digging into it and got yourself angry
You're acting more childish than i ever did since i tried to leave it where it was, and you refused, meaning you have yourself to blame for this
You can't take a joke, that's basically what started it at first, and not even this one

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
You are doing it again. Stop trying to avoid the issue by telling me to "leave it" and assume it. I am not childish, you are playing the victim. You need to stop blaming others and start to reflect on what you may have did wrong. It was probably unkind of me to respond with that gif and i am sorry. But when someone tell me to stop doing something because they don't like it, I listen. So think about how your "humour" of calling people names may be not funny for everyone. Rationalizing disrespect by "not being able to take a joke" and ignoring someone who is trying to communicate to you is kinda toxic.

Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
I'm not avoiding the issue, neither am i playing the victim, and i honestly think you have the tumblr versiom of toxic. What, next you're gonna call me problematic? I didn't ignore you, i reacted to everything and i left it all those times, had you done the same we wouldn't be here, you tell me to look at myself yet you're not doing it :person_shrugging:
Something you fundamentaly misunderstand is that not everything's an argument, most people won't argue, and leave it there, you're gonna need to learn to accept that
I did, and that's kept me from useless arguments like these :D
You escelated this as much as you think i did, because you just had to continue, meanwhile i'm just trying to enjoy myself and prevent further escalation, but you didn't
And if people don't get an answer they like, it seems there's a couple options
Threats (checked)
Saying they're 'playing the victim' (check)
Calling them 'toxic' 'problematic' etc. Even though they barely know what it properly means (check)
Leave it there
Agree to disagree
Insult
Twist the story
So, what's it gonna be next, kick me? Ban me? Remove me from all the servers you even have slight power? Because oh no i haven't treated you like the king himself :O
Is it clear my patience has run thin or should i spell it out?
I've made my point rather clear i think

Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
And, a quick addition that's also important
n o t  e v e r y t h i n g  ' s  p e r s o n a l

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
By "ignoring", I am referring to "dismissing what I was communicating to you". Your mute and warning were not because I did not like your fact, I would never abuse my power for personal reasons. You got a warning because I was telling you to stop calling me names and to not spam the chat which are objectively against the rules, no matter who it is. You got a mute because your response was disrespectful and you ignored the warning. And now, your digging your hole deeper by insulting me and being an absolute child in this channel.

Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
Again, listen close
n o t  e v e r y t h i n g ' s  p e r s o n a l

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
And about this, it is true that most things are not an argument, but also most things do not escalate in an argument because people don't dismiss each other in the first place. I have acknowledge that the gif hurt your feelings and apologized. It is only natural that the "argument" keeps going on if someone is being dismissed, no one likes to be shut down. I am royally tired of you never assuming what I have to say, but blaming me for "starting arguments". I will push until people listen to what I have to say.
Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
And pushing people till they listen to you is exactly what you shouldn't do, bc some people won't take your bullshit
If i pushed you untill you listened to me i'd get muted

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
If you keep showing me that you have no intention in talking things out then I will have to kick you out of this server.
Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
And? I've tried to talk things out and leave it where it was, if you want me to get on my knees and beg for mercy you have the wrong guy
Your version of 'talk things out' translates to 'agree with me'

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
There is a difference between pushing someone to have the same opinion as you and pushing someone to listen so they acknowledge what you feel. If someone is unable to take other people into account and only doing what they want just because they think they're in the right then yes, they will get muted.

Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
So what you're doing
I acknowledged it many times, you just didn't listen and kept beating the horse to death :person_shrugging:
Poor horse should be taking it' last breath by know, of course, it should've died long ago HINT HINT

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
I have told you multiple times to stop calling names and to respect staff, but you kept on doing the opposite. "Talking things out" means acknowledging the other person's side and come to an agreement. You only dismissed me and tried to "leave it" by giving yourself reason and shutting me down.

Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
Leaving something isn't dismissing, it's not escelating
You may wanna argue if the sky's blue, but most people aren't gonna do that
Most people will just say 'it's blue' and leave it
And my patience has run out, i've acknowledged your opinions multiple times now, so either leave it here or finish this horse off

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
I'll let another Staff deal with this so things will be kept unbiased.
Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
So, when are you gonna do that because if you're make me wait an hour while you chat instead of doing your job i'll judt leave myself, no skin off my back

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
Patience, I am doing my job which is leaving the decision to another Staff because making it myself would be unavoidably biased. So you can do something meanwhile like watch a movie or something, I'm not gonna harass my Staff for this. They will come when they are available.

Jazzy boi — 06/21/2021
Well, we both know i'm not gonna change my mind since i've already tried to leave it where it was and you're sure as hell not gonna leave it, and seeing as you're the owner the staff are gonna agree with you anyways so i think i know how it'll end

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/21/2021
Not necessarily, maybe if you talk to someone else then it'll clear things out. I strive for objective moderation so Staff may not agree with me.

💎⚡ Laishagna Zubabiebean😈🤖ISFP — 06/21/2021
@Jazzy boi hi sorry it took so long the staff were busy today :(
so can I hear your side of the story pls? anything that you have to say
also if you could please ping me whenever you come on and see this that would be great so that I can respond back as quickly as possible

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/23/2021
@Jazzy boi

💎⚡ Laishagna Zubabiebean😈🤖ISFP — 06/26/2021
@💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ since they left should i log and close it

💎🔥 Prince Ramen Dylanoodles ENTJ — 06/26/2021
yeah
